add DATADOG_SITE variable for sidecar (#1686)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-metrics.md

   - **Key:** `DATADOG_API_KEY`
   - **Value:** `<Your-Datadog-API-key>`.
   Select the **Secret?** checkbox. This ensures that your Datadog API key is saved securely and is not available to Workspace users in plain text.

> 4. Default Datadog site specified in Astro is **datadoghq.com**. Only if you use different one, extra variable has to be created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optional. If you don't want to use the default Datadog site defined by Astronomer, add the following environment variable:
```
